# LOGRUS GLOBAL LOCALIZATION CLOUD TERMS OF USE

Please read carefully the following provisions of this Agreement (the “Agreement” or “Terms of Use” or “TOS”). This is a legal agreement between you and Logrus Global LLC (“Logrus Global”, “we” or “us”) regarding an online service and website located at https://cloud.logrusglobal.com/, as well as at www.logrusglobal.com (the “Platform”).
The Platform is not for use by children. You are eligible to use the Platform if you are 16 years and older. However, an individual who has not reached the age of 18 but is 16 years old or older is able to use the Platform for educational and non-commercial purposes only. Please do not submit on the Platform any personal data of children below the age of 16 unless express permission of their parents or legal guardians was duly obtained.

These Terms of Use contain our standard terms. If you wish to have any specific terms or advanced subscription plan, please contact us at: marcom @ logrusglobal.com.

## GENERAL PROVISIONS

A. Logrus Global means Logrus Global LLC and its affiliates, subsidiaries, and sister companies in all countries.
B. In order to use the free features of the Platform, the User must agree to these Terms of Use. Other specific terms incorporated herein by reference may apply if the User uses the advanced features of the Platform.
C. We reserve the right, at any time, to remove or modify any part of this Agreement unilaterally. We shall notify the Users by posting an updated Agreement on the Platform. Any use of the Platform after the updated version has been posted shall mean the User’s acceptance of the updated Agreement.
D. By using the Platform, the User: (i) agrees to be bound by this TOS; (ii) acknowledges and agrees that the User is not relying on any representation, guarantee, or statement to access the Platform or to utilize Paid Products and Paid Services, other than as expressly set forth in this TOS; and (iii) represents and warrants that the User is lawfully able to enter into contracts. In addition, the person agreeing to this TOS on behalf of a business or other legal entity hereby represents and warrants that such a person is authorized and is lawfully able to bind that business or entity to this TOS. If you do not agree to be bound by the terms hereof, you are obligated to stop using the Platform and to delete all your existing accounts on the Platform. Continued use of the Platform means complete acceptance of this Agreement.
E. The Platform represents a website and hybrid (both cloud-based and desktop) technology platform for localization interoperability and language processing toolset. The term “User” refers to any person accessing the Platform. The Platform provides the ability to employ the free features of the Platform to all Users, and provides the ability to employ the advanced features of the Platform (the “Services”) to Users with advanced accounts. Logrus Global may also provide access to additional Platform products and services, which may be added or removed by the User in their User Account on the Platform.
F. You are free to use the Free and Free Trial Products on the Platform for your own purposes except for the Paid Products and Paid Services which are governed by subscription agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferrable, freely revocable license to use certain Free Products on the Platform for your personal use. We reserve all rights not expressly granted herein in the Platform.

## REGISTRATION
A. To access and use the Platform you must be a legal entity or an individual who is able to enter into legally binding contracts.
B. You must not access and use the Platform if you reside or have business activities in a region included in the economic and financial sanctions lists maintained by OFAC and/or EU, or are subject to such sanctions in any other way, or if you have previously been banned from accessing and using the Platform and/or Logrus Global had closed your account on the Platform.
C. In order to use the Platform you must create an account either on your own or by invitation, and provide certain information about yourself. You agree to provide true, accurate and complete information as prompted by the registration form and all forms you access on the Platform, and to update this information to maintain its truthfulness, accuracy and completeness. Use of information provided by Users is governed by the Privacy Policy published on our website, and the User consents to all actions that Logrus Global takes with respect to User information consistent with such Privacy Policy. You are responsible for maintaining confidentiality of your account password. You are also responsible for all activities that occur in connection with your account. You guarantee and undertake to us that any person using the Platform with your username and password is you or is authorized to act for you. You agree to notify us immediately if you suspect any unauthorized use of your account. Logrus Global will not be liable for any loss that the User may incur as a result of someone else using the User’s username or password, either with or without the User’s knowledge.
D. We may, but are under no obligation to, subject you to an extensive vetting process before you can register on the Platform and during your use of the Platform, including but not limited to verification of identity and comprehensive criminal background check, at the regional, national and local level, using third party services as appropriate. You hereby give us consent to conduct background checks as often as required in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, as well as our internal policies without any notice.
E. We cannot confirm that each person using the Platform is who they claim to be and therefore, we cannot and do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or reliability of the identity or background check information or any other information provided through the Platform.
F. When interacting with the Platform you should exercise caution and common sense to protect your personal safety and property, just as you would when interacting with other people whom you do not know. Neither Logrus Global nor its affiliates or licensors shall be responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any User of the Platform and you hereby release Logrus Global and its affiliates or licensors from any liability related thereto. Logrus Global, its affiliates and licensors will not be liable for any claim, injury or damage arising in connection with your use of the Platform.

## BILLING AND PAYMENT
A. The fee for each Paid Product or Service purchased on the Platform and fee currency is indicated in the specific section of the Platform. The fee is paid to Logrus Global by payment means available at the Platform or as agreed otherwise. The User may also accept orders by email and such orders shall contain specific terms of payment and other agreed terms.
B. Logrus Global has the right to seek reimbursement from you, and you will reimburse Logrus Global, if Logrus Global discovers a fraudulent transaction, erroneous or duplicate transaction.
C. To the maximum extent available pursuant to applicable law you hereby waive any right to seek a refund for any Product or Service purchased on the Platform.
D. The Platform operates in various currencies. Logrus Global is not responsible for currency fluctuations that occur when billing or crediting a credit or debit card denominated in a currency other than the currency indicated on the Platform, nor is Logrus Global responsible for currency fluctuations that occur when sending payment via wire transfer, check or automated clearinghouse to and from the User's bank account, credit card account, e-wallet account or any other payment method. Foreign currency conversion is processed at a foreign currency conversion rate which is set in the Platform. The exchange rate is updated on a daily basis, but may not be identical to the real-time market rate.
E. The fees for Paid Products and Services are indicated in the User’s account on the Platform and may be changed by Logrus Global at its own discretion with at least contemporaneous notice thereof, with such changes having prospective effect only.
F. By selecting ACH debit or credit card as preferred payment method and by linking the User’s bank account or credit card to the online payment service integrated with the Platform, the User authorizes Logrus Global to automatically debit the bank account or credit card provided by the User for the amounts owed for paid Products and/or Services during the term thereof.

## TERMINATION
A. Logrus Global reserves the right, on its sole discretion, to refuse, suspend, or terminate the User’s access to the Platform and any Product and/or Services at any time by providing the User with a written or email notice of such termination (a) upon reasonable demand of a state authority and (b) in case of the User’s violation of Suppliers solicitation limitations.
B. Logrus Global reserves the right, on its sole discretion, to refuse, suspend, or terminate the User’s access to the Platform and any Products and/or Services at any time by providing the User with a written or email notice of such termination in case of (a) uploading content to the Platform by the User that contains calls for terrorism, coup d’etat or promotes child pornography, violates any applicable law, content that advocates, endorses, condones or promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any individual or group of individuals, or (b) in the event the User materially violates any limitations under section ‎‎V (B) below, provided that such violation is not remedied by the User within 2 days after receiving a notice on violation.
C. If Logrus Global terminates the User’s access to the Platform due to a violation of this TOS, the User will not be entitled to any refund of unused balance in the User’s account. If Logrus Global terminates the User’s account for any reason, the User is prohibited from registering and creating a new account under the User’s name, a fake or borrowed name, or the name of any third party, unless Logrus Global gives express consent thereto. In addition to terminating or suspending the User’s account, Logrus Global reserves the right to take appropriate legal action, including without limitation pursuing civil, criminal, and injunctive charges.
D. Upon termination, all provisions of this TOS shall survive termination, including, without limitation, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

## LIMITATIONS
A. The Platform may contain profiles, e-mail systems, blogs, message boards, chat areas, newsgroups, forums, communities and/or other message or communication facilities (“Public Areas”) that allow the User to communicate with other Users. The User may only use such community areas to send and receive messages and materials that are relevant and proper to the applicable forum.
B. The User agrees not to engage in any of the following conduct on the Platform:
1.  Defamation, abuse, harassment, stalking, threatening or otherwise violating the legal rights (such as, but not limited to, rights of privacy and publicity) of others, including Logrus Global staff.
2.  Publishing, posting, uploading, distributing or disseminating any profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
3.  Uploading content that is offensive and/or harmful, including, but not limited to, content that advocates, endorses, condones or promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any individual or group of individuals.
4.  Using the Platform for any illegal purpose, including, but not limited to posting materials in violation of local, state, national, or international law.
5.  Modifying, adapting, appropriating, reproducing, distributing, translating, creating derivative works or adaptations of, publicly displaying, selling, trading, or in any way exploiting the Platform, except as expressly authorized by this TOS.
6.  Uploading files that contain software or other materials that violates the intellectual property rights (or rights of privacy or publicity) of any third party.
7.  Uploading files that contain viruses, Trojans, corrupted files, or any other similar software that may damage the operation of another computer.
8.  Posting or uploading any content to which the User has not obtained the necessary rights or permissions to use accordingly.
9.  Removing, circumventing, disabling, damaging or otherwise interfering with any security-related features of the Platform or features that enforce limitations on the use of the Platform.
10. Advertising or offering to sell any goods or services for any commercial purpose through the Platform which are not relevant to the services offered through the Platform.
11. Using the Platform to solicit for any other business, website or service, or otherwise contacting Users for employment, contracting or any purpose not related to the use of the Platform as set forth herein.
12. Conducting or forwarding surveys, contests, pyramid schemes, or chain letters.
13. Impersonating another person or User or allowing any other person or entity to employ the User’s identification to post or view comments.
14. Restricting or inhibiting any other User from using and enjoying the Public Areas.
15. Implying or indicating that any statements the User makes are endorsed by Logrus Global, without Logrus Global’s prior written consent.
16. Using any bot, crawler, site search/retrieval application, or other automated software, process or means to access, retrieve, scrape, or index any portion of the Platform.
17. Reverse-engineering any portion of the Platform.
18. Hacking or interfering with the Platform, its servers or any connected networks or disobeying any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Platform.
19. Adapting, altering, licensing, sublicensing or translating the Platform for User’s own personal or commercial use.
20. Removing or altering, visually or otherwise, any copyrights, trademarks or proprietary marks or rights owned by Logrus Global.
21. Uploading content that provides materials or access to materials that exploit people under the age of 18 in an abusive, violent or sexual manner.
22. Using the Platform to collect usernames and/or email addresses of Users by electronic or other means.
23. Registering under different usernames or identities, after the User’s account has been suspended or terminated.
C. The Platform also provides functionalities, tools and API integration and interoperability features as set forth in the Logrus Global API documentation, to enable the Customer to create custom integrations with the Platform as a supplementary Service. The Customer shall be solely responsible for enabling the interoperability of features with the Platform unless development team of Logrus Global is contracted by the Customer to do so.

## USER CONTENT
A. The User is solely responsible for the content they upload on the Platform. Logrus Global is not responsible for the content uploaded by a specific User, however Logrus Global reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in Logrus Global’s sole discretion, violates this provision, including, without limitation, removing the offending content from the Platform, suspending or terminating the account of such violators and reporting the User to the law enforcement authorities.
B. Any User that uploads content on the Platform, grants Logrus Global, its affiliates, subsidiaries and suppliers, a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable right to use, display, reproduce, distribute, and publish such content in connection with the features available on the Platform. The Customer hereby also grants Logrus Global the right to refer to the Customer as a Customer in promotional materials by the Customer name and using the Customer logo in its unaltered form.
C. Any User that uploads content on the Platform acknowledges and agrees that Logrus Global may preserve this content and may also disclose the content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with legal processes, applicable laws or government requests; (ii) enforce this TOS; (iii) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; or (iv) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Logrus Global or the public.

## DATA PROTECTION
A. The User understands that the technical processing and transmission of the Platform, including such User’s content, may involve (i) transmissions over various networks; and (ii) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
B. The User’s content is encrypted by the https protocol.
C. The Parties of this Agreement shall be bound by the Data Processing Agreement.
D. You hereby provide written authorization to Logrus Global to transfer your personal data collected by Logrus Global from you pursuant to providing the Products or Services to third party service and analytics providers for the purpose of providing, analyzing and modifying the Services, Products and the Platform, including cross-border transfers outside the European Economic Area.

## INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
A. All Logrus Global intellectual property rights such as text, graphics, editorial content, data, formatting, graphs, designs, HTML, look and feel, photographs, music, sounds, images, software, videos, designs, typefaces and other content (collectively “Proprietary Material”) that the Users see or read through on the Platform is owned by Logrus Global, excluding any User-generated content licensed to Logrus Global pursuant to this TOS. Proprietary Material is protected in all forms, media and technologies now known or hereinafter developed. Logrus Global owns all Proprietary Material, as well as the coordination, selection, arrangement and enhancement of such Proprietary Materials as a collective work under the applicable intellectual property legislation. The Proprietary Material is protected by the domestic and international laws on copyright, patents, and other proprietary rights and laws. The User may not copy, download, use, redesign, reconfigure, or retransmit anything from the Platform without Logrus Global’s express prior written consent and, if applicable, the holder of the rights to the User content. Any use of such Proprietary Material, other than as permitted therein, is expressly prohibited without Logrus Global’s prior permission and, if applicable, the holder of the rights to the User content.
B. Logrus Global service marks and trademarks, including, without limitation, Logrus Global logos, are service marks owned by Logrus Global. Any other trademarks, service marks, logos and/or trade names appearing on the Platform are the property of their respective owners. The User may not copy or use any of these marks, logos or trade names without the express prior written consent of the owner.

## DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
A. THE USER’S USE OF THE PLATFORM IS AT THE USER’S SOLE RISK. ALL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ON THE PLATFORM ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. LOGRUS GLOBAL EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
B. UNLESS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN A SEPARATE AGREEMENT WITH LOGRUS GLOBAL, WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (I) THE PLATFORM WILL MEET THE USER’S REQUIREMENTS, (II) THE PLATFORM WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY (UP-TO-DATE), OR ERROR-FREE, (III) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE PLATFORM WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, OR (IV) THE QUALITY OR FITNESS OF ANY DOCUMENTS, PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY THE USER THROUGH THE PLATFORM WILL MEET THE USER’S EXPECTATIONS.
C. THE PLATFORM IS SECURED BY TAKING APPROPRIATE ADMINISTRATIVE, PHYSICAL, AND TECHNICAL MEASURES FOR PROTECTION OF THE SECURITY, CONFIDENTIALITY AND INTEGRITY OF USER DATA, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO USING CERTIFIED SECURED DATA PROTOCOLS AND ENCRYPTING SENSITIVE DATA. LOGRUS GLOBAL SECURITY IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE,” AND LOGRUS GLOBAL MAKES NO WARRANTIES THAT THE LEVEL OF LOGRUS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE RESISTANT TO POSSIBLE DDOS AND ANY OTHER TYPES OF ATTACKS ON THE PLATFORM AND CONSECUTIVELY BEARS NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER IF THE AVAILABLE LEVEL OF LOGRUS GLOBAL SECURITY IS NOT SUFFICIENT TO WITHSTAND ANY OF THE ABOVE MENTIONED ATTACKS.

## LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
A. IN NO EVENT SHALL LOGRUS GLOBAL AND ITS AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, OWNERS, INFORMATION PROVIDERS, AGENTS, LICENSEES, LICENSORS (“RELEASED PARTIES”) BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS, OR LOSS OF DATA) WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE), EQUITY OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THE PLATFORM, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DEFECTS, DELAYS IN TRANSMISSION, ETC.
B. UNLESS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN A SEPARATE AGREEMENT WITH LOGRUS GLOBAL, IN NO EVENT WILL LOGRUS GLOBAL’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO THE USER FOR DAMAGES, LOSSES OR CAUSES OF ACTION RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THE PLATFORM UNDER THIS TOS EXCEED $1000.
C. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO THE USER. IF THE USER IS DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE PLATFORM, THE USER’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE THE USE OF THE PLATFORM.

## RELEASE
A. In the event of a dispute between Users, each User agrees to release the Released Parties from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such dispute.
B. THE USER HEREBY WAIVES CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE §1542 (AND ANY ANALOGOUS LAW IN ANY OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION) WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH DISPUTE BETWEEN USERS, WHICH PROVIDES: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.”
XII. INDEMNITY
A. The User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Released Parties harmless from and against any and all liabilities, claims, costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred by the Released Parties in connection with any third party demand, claims, action, suit, or loss arising as a result of, in connection with, or for (A) any breach by the User of this TOS or any use by the User of their account or the Platform; (B) any fraud or manipulation by the User; (C) infringement based on information, data, files or other content submitted by the User; (D) credit card fraud based on any information submitted by the User; or (E) breach of payment obligations. The User agrees to use their best efforts to cooperate with Logrus Global in the defense of any demand, claim, action or suit. Logrus Global reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense of any matter subject to indemnification by the User at Logrus Global’s own expense.

## NO WAIVER
A. No waiver of any term of this TOS shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Logrus Global’s failure to assert any right or provision under this TOS shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

## ASSIGNMENT
A. This TOS, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by the User, but may be assigned by Logrus Global without restriction or notice.

## THIRD PARTY LINKS
A. The Platform may contain links to third-party websites, advertisers, services, special offers, or other events or activities (“Third Party Services”) that are not owned or controlled by Logrus Global. Logrus Global does not endorse or assume any responsibility for any such Third Party Services or their operators. If the User accesses a Third Party Service from the Platform, the User does so at the User’s own risk, and the User understands that this TOS does not apply to the User’s use of any such Third Party Service. The User expressly releases Logrus Global from any and all liability arising from the User’s use of any Third Party Service. Additionally, the User’s dealings with or participation in Third Party Services found on the Platform, including payment and delivery of goods, and any other terms (such as warranties) are solely between the User and the operators of such Third Party Services. The User agrees that Logrus Global shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of any sort relating to the User’s dealings with such Third Party Services operators.

## FEEDBACK
A. Logrus Global welcomes User feedback about Products and Services and the Platform. Unless otherwise expressly declared, any communications sent to us by the Users are deemed to be submitted on a non-confidential basis. The User agrees that Logrus Global may decide to publicize such contents at its own discretion. The User agrees to authorize Logrus Global to make use of such contents for free, and revise, modify, adjust and change contextually, or make any other changes as Logrus Global may deem appropriate.

## CALIFORNIA USERS AND RESIDENTS
A. Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1789.3, any questions about pricing, complaints, or inquiries about Logrus Global must be addressed to our agent for notice and sent via certified mail to: 1225 Hockley Drive, Perkasie, PA 18944.
B. California users are also entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.

## COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS
A. We respect the intellectual property of others and expect you to do the same. If you believe, in good faith, that any content available on the Platform infringes any intellectual property rights of any third party, please send the following information to: marcom @ logrusglobal.com.
1.  A description of the copyrighted work that you think has been infringed, including the URL (Internet address) or another specific location on the Platform where the material you think to be infringed is located. Include enough information to allow us to locate the materials and explain why you think an infringement has taken place;
2.  A description of the location where the original or an authorized copy of the copyrighted work exists – for example, the URL (Internet address) where it is posted or the name of the book in which it has been published;
3.  Your address, telephone number and e-mail address;
4.  A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law;
5.  A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notice is accurate and that you know the real copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf;
6.  An electronic or physical signature of the owner of the copyright or the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest.

## ARBITRATION
A. If you are registered and/or reside in North America, South America or Japan, any dispute (“Dispute”) arising from or relating to the subject matter of this Agreement shall be finally settled by arbitration in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, U.S.A., using the English language in accordance with the rules then in effect, by one commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes, in accordance with the Pennsylvania rules of arbitration.
B. If you are registered and/or reside in any other location, any Dispute shall be finally settled by LCIA arbitration in London, the United Kingdom, using the English language in accordance with the LCIA rules (“LCIA”) then in effect, by one commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes, who shall be selected from the appropriate list of LCIA arbitrators in accordance with the LCIA rules.
C. Judgment upon the award so rendered may be entered in a court having jurisdiction, or application may be made to such court for judicial acceptance of any award and an order of enforcement, as the case may be.
D.This clause below is applicable to you only if you are registered and/or reside in North America, South America or Japan: Any arbitration under this Agreement will take place on an individual basis: class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND US ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party shall have the right to institute an action at any time in a court of proper jurisdiction for injunctive or other equitable relief.
This Arbitration provision is a full and complete agreement relating to the formal resolution of disputes covered by this Arbitration provision. In the event any portion of this Arbitration provision is deemed unenforceable, the remainder of this Arbitration Provision will be enforceable.
E. This clause below is applicable to you only if you are registered and/or reside in North America, South America or Japan:
THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION AFFECTS YOUR ABILITY TO PARTICIPATE IN CLASS, COLLECTIVE OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS. BOTH YOU AND WE AGREE TO BRING ANY DISPUTE IN ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS ONLY, AND NOT ON A CLASS, COLLECTIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL REPRESENTATIVE BASIS ON BEHALF OF OTHERS. THERE WILL BE NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY DISPUTE TO BE BROUGHT, HEARD OR ARBITRATED AS A CLASS, COLLECTIVE, REPRESENTATIVE OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION, OR AS A MEMBER IN ANY SUCH CLASS, COLLECTIVE, REPRESENTATIVE OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING (“CLASS ACTION WAIVER”). THE CLASS ACTION WAIVER DOES NOT APPLY TO ANY CLAIM YOU BRING AS A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL SOLELY ON YOUR OWN BEHALF AND NOT ON BEHALF OF OTHERS. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PORTION OF THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION OR THE JAMS RULES, DISPUTES REGARDING THE VALIDITY, ENFORCEABILITY OR BREACH OF THE CLASS ACTION WAIVER MAY BE RESOLVED ONLY BY A CIVIL COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION AND NOT BY AN ARBITRATOR. IN ANY CASE IN WHICH (1) THE DISPUTE IS FILED AS A CLASS, COLLECTIVE, REPRESENTATIVE OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION AND (2) A CIVIL COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION FINDS ALL OR PART OF THE CLASS ACTION WAIVER UNENFORCEABLE, THE CLASS, COLLECTIVE, REPRESENTATIVE AND/OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION TO THAT EXTENT MUST BE LITIGATED IN A CIVIL COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION, BUT THE PORTION OF THE CLASS ACTION WAIVER THAT IS ENFORCEABLE SHALL BE ENFORCED IN ARBITRATION. YOU AND WE AGREE THAT YOU WILL NOT BE RETALIATED AGAINST, DISCIPLINED OR THREATENED WITH DISCIPLINE AS A RESULT OF EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS UNDER SECTION 7 OF THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS ACT BY FILING OR PARTICIPATING IN A CLASS, COLLECTIVE OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION IN ANY FORUM. HOWEVER, THE COMPANY MAY LAWFULLY SEEK ENFORCEMENT OF THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION AND THE CLASS ACTION WAIVER UNDER THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT AND SEEK DISMISSAL OF SUCH CLASS, COLLECTIVE OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS OR CLAIMS. THE CLASS ACTION WAIVER SHALL BE SEVERABLE IN ANY CASE IN WHICH THE DISPUTE IS FILED AS AN INDIVIDUAL ACTION, AND SEVERANCE IS NECESSARY TO ENSURE THAT THE INDIVIDUAL ACTION PROCEEDS IN ARBITRATION.
If the Class Action Waiver of this Arbitration Provision is deemed to be unenforceable, you and Logrus Global agree that this Arbitration provision is otherwise silent as to any party's ability to bring a class, collective or representative action in arbitration.

## GOVERNING LAW
A. If you are registered and/or reside in North America, South America or Japan, the laws of the State of Pennsylvania, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement. If you are registered and/or reside in any other location, the laws of England and Wales, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement.

## CONTACT US
A. Should you wish to contact us with any questions or claims with respect to the Platform or in case of technical or performance issues, please visit our website at www.logrusglobal.com or email to marcom@logrusglobal.com.
